Hello and welcome back to Angular 2 essential
training.
In this section we’ll be discussing HTTP
and observables.
HTTP is what we use whenever we want to retreive
something from our database or an API.
Not a lot has changed between angular 1 and
angular 2 in this regard.
We’re still using the keyword http in order
to perform our requests.
What has changed is how we handle the response.
Angular 2 has made the switch to using RxJS
observables.
Observables essentially emit responses over
time, instead of the response being a one
time occurance.
So we’ll first discuss what an Observable
is and how it differs from a typical promise-based
response.
Then we’ll discuss how to perform Http requests.
This will include performing an http GET request
to retrieve our data, processing the response
object as an Observable and then subscribing
to the Observable in our component.
We’ll be using our ngOnInit lifecycle hook
in order to display our data.